So this here is our entire Master Java class, which is defined inside the package university and.
We imported the necessary package that is Java X dot swing, java .8.10.8. and Java.
Then we have defined our class enter max, which is extending frame and implementing actions.
Then there are four labels and approximately one.
11 text fields and one button.
Then there is a one parameterized constructor.
Enter Marks.
This is setting the size of the window, location of the window and layout as null.
Then there is a label.
In terms of trendsetting font for it family serif type bold size 30 setting the bound for it location
50 comma zero and sizes 500 Chorus 180 then adding that label to the frame similarly under the label
as rule number setting bound for it adding to the frame respect to text field for the marks of the student
setting bound for it and adding to the frames.
Similarly for the label as enter student.
Setting bounds of it, adding to that frame.
And similarly we have another label for intimate setting, bound for it ending with a flame.
Then we have the text fields or text field or data setting bound for it, adding the frame, another
text field three setting bound for it.
Adding to that our frame text field for add setting bound for it.
Adding it to that our frame text field five setting bound for it.
Adding it to our frame.
Then there is a text 56 setting bound for it, adding it to the frame 37 So doing the same thing to
it, also setting the bound and adding it to a frame.
D9 t ten.
T 11.
And then there is a.
But then submit labeled as setting bound for the button, which will help us to submit those marks into
our marks table.
Then setting the background color of.
The button setting.
The foreground color has white adding it to that button to over.
Window, adding the action to the button and adding setting the background colour of the window as white.
Then we are defined by action performed method action which is taking action.
Event Argument A if source of the button is from B1 stabilizing the connection con.
By using our token class, creating the query S1 instead into subject values.
So the subject column will be inserted into the subject column subjectively in our database, and max
values will be inserted into our max table.
C And executing the both query by the help of execute update method by using our constraint, by using
our connection instance and the statement instance.
Inside that connection, showing the dialog box that Max inserted successfully and then setting the
visibility of the current window as false, catching the exception, if any, occurs.
And inside the main function we have setup, we have called initialize the our intermix class with setting
the visibility as true.
Let's have a look and update the student Java class inside, define inside the package university and
import Java and importing Java SQL importing Java DOT Swing and the event class update is implementing
Excel list.
Now we have one frame and label.
There has multiple labels.
Text field, 14 text field and three buttons and a string as ID employ.
Update a student.
Added Flame is headed at updates in details, setting the size of the frame, location of the frame,
background, color of the frame, layout of the frame.
Then there is a label enter.
Rule number two update the date of the student setting the bound for it font for it, adding to the
frame respective text field for the roll number.
Then there is a button.
Update background color of it for one third of it bound for it, adding it to that frame and adding
extraneous net of the button.
Then there is another label as updated to name details.
Said, bound for it, fond of it, for adding it to the frame.
Then we have ID one another label as name bound for it, setting the font for it and adding it to the
frame to our.
Label that is ID one.
After that there is a text file T1 setting bound for it.
Adding it to that our frame under another label father's name setting bound for it, setting font for
it and adding the frame to our label.
And then there is a T2 text field setting bound for it, adding it to the frame.
Then there is another label as H setting bound for it, font for it, and adding it to a frame on the
text field as d three.
Setting bound for it.
Adding to it to that our frame.
Under the label as date of birth deed and by format bound for it font for it, adding that our frame
and the text field setting bound for it, adding that to our frame another label as address setting
bound for it font for it, adding that to our frame.
Then there is a text field setting bound for it, adding to adding that to our frame as well.
Similarly for the phone number label and respective text field for the phone number as well.
Then there is one for email ID and some respect to text field for the email ID then for the class 10th
marks label text field to enter class 10th marks.
I didn't.
Then there's control.
For the last 12 months.
There is a label, the spectral text field for the class 12 max.
For that number.
Text field for that number or roll number?
Text field for the respective label.
Then there is a course text field for the course.
Branch text field for the branch and the button submit background for one color bound and adding that
toolbar button under the brightness cancel.
Setting action is not of the those button setting the visibility of the current frame as through inside
the action performed method.
If the source is from the button, then we will stabilize the connection, create a query, update a
student, set name, get text, first name everything.
Creating the query by executing that update query showing the display was successfully updated, setting
the visibility of the current window as false and calling new student details back then.
After that, if it is from B2, we will close this window.
If it is from B2, then we will slow as a connection.
Select extract from a student variable number equal to this result.
As a result set as given the query and we will set the frame window as false.
True and add all the.
Records from the database into text fields then will be cast exception if any calls instead of visibility
as to sites and location of the frame.
Inside the main method, we have updated the strength and visibility as true.
Now let's have a look on our update feature class.
Define inside the package university.
Importing Java JWT as Java SQL Java X String Java JWT Event Update Implementing Extension.
Similarly, there are.
This is also similar class like update to student.
So everything you must be getting it up as we have just discussed.
Update straight update each class there is a frame setting everything for the frame, label and employee
ID to update the data respective test field for the employee ID.
Then there is a button update setting everything from the button for the button, then update teacher
details label for the teacher details.
Then there is a label for the name respective text filter intern name.
Then there is a label for the father's name, respective text field for the father's name, then the
label for the age.
Respect to text.
Field for the age.
Unavailable date of birth suspected for the date of birth label address respect for the address.
Similarly, like we have discussed in our ad student class, then there is a phone number text field
for the phone number, email ID, text field for the email ID label class ten marks text field for the
10th marks.
Then there is a label.
Class 12th marks.
Text field for the 12th marks are the number.
Text field for the number employee ID label.
Text field for that employee ID label.
Education.
Respective text field for that education department.
Respect Specter text field for the department when there is a button, submit background setting everything
for that button.
Submit adding it to the frame.
Be one cancel button background for one bound for it.
Hiding exceptional the boat buttons setting the visibility of the frame as true.
Inside doesn't perform if the source is from be setting the connection, creating the query str and
convert assert execute update.
Still it will update execute the query successfully updated the dialog box visibility as false back
to the new teacher details class catching the session if any occurs if the source is from B1 sent center
visibility as false.
If the is from some way to button then it still has the connection a string as the pitcher will employ
it is fetching from that T1 to text field, executing the results set.
Retreating, fetching the next record, setting visibility of the current windows while setting the
text field.
Inside the text field, we are putting all the details.
Visibility has to set the size as 900 comma 650 location has for 50 command to 50 and public static
point I'm the teacher have not said this was true so these are the three classes that we have discussed.
Let's have a look at these three classes.
How they will look like.
I'll be running from the login class again.
Vitamin.
And when.
Logan.
Yep.
Let's examination.
What will the class siting into?
Master class.
Let me.
Yes.
In Damascus, Syria.
So in Damascus, click on in Damascus.
This will look like in Damascus.
So we will enter the rule number and everything, the subject and enter marks details.
Then insert the updated students.
This is the further updates when we will entering the rule number.
Then if we want to update, then we'll click on update.
So it will already show you all the details and we need to just add in those features we want to update.
If you want to enter manually, you can enter manually as well.
I'll be clicking on Cancel right now.
Similarly for the teacher update teacher as well.
It's still for the teacher.
We will be writing this will be updating the employee sorry teacher details.
So these are the classes, three classes which we have talked about in this video that are in this updated
student and the teacher.